Adding Cloud Upgrade (#7963)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/enterprise-permissions.md

- Users manage their credentials to data warehouses and Git. 
- Can access <Constant name="explorer" />.

</Expandable>
<Expandable alt_header="Fusion admin">

> This permission set is used exclusively to enable users to interact with the Fusion upgrade workflows. We recommend assigning to users only on specific environments to limit access and upgrade only projects that are Fusion-ready. 

Author: ```suggestion
This permission set is used exclusively to enable users to interact with the Fusion upgrade workflows. We recommend limiting this permission to users and projects that are Fusion-ready. 
```
